Updated the PEM Upgrade guide (#2151)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pem/8/pem_inst_guide_windows/index.mdx

Throughout this guide, the term `Postgres` refers to either a PostgreSQL or an Advanced Server installation, where either is appropriate.

> Language pack installers contain supported languages that may be used with EDB Postgres Advanced Server and EDB PostgreSQL database installers. The language pack installer allows you to install Perl, TCL/TK, and Python without installing supporting software from third party vendors. For more information about installing and using Language Pack, please see the `EDB Postgres Language Pack Guide`, available from the EDB Website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Language pack installers contain supported languages that may be used with EDB Postgres Advanced Server and EDB PostgreSQL database installers. The language pack installer allows you to install Perl, TCL/TK, and Python without installing supporting software from third party vendors. For more information about installing and using Language Pack, see the [*EDB Postgres Language Pack Guide*](url).
```
